#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{mathtools}
\DeclarePairedDelimiter{\ceil}{\lceil}{\rceil}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Itemize
Finite set of bidders, with different values for the good.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Each bidder chooses a bribe and a bid.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Principle has beliefs about the distribution of bids for each bidder, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The principle chooses some threshold of skepticism, and a wage to pay the
 auctioneer.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Auctioneer sees all bribes and bids.
 Announces a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

winning
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 bidder and their bid to the Principle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The principle behaves according to the following procedure: Observe the
 auctioneer's announcement.
 If the probability of this outcome is below the threshold, the auction
 is nullifies.
 All agents recieve 0 utility.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Otherwise, the good is rewarded to the auctioneer's declared winner, who
 must then pay the declared bid.
 They recieve utility equal to (their valuation of the good - their bribe
 - the bid.) Auctioneer recieves utility equal to the bribe of the winner
 plus the wage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If the threshold, wage, and beliefs of the Principle are publically known,
 then what is the optimal strategy (bids, bribes, announcement) for the
 other agents? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given the above, can the Principle's choice of wage minimize the probability
 of an auction being nuliifed? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If the Principle is benevolent and wants to maximize the total utility of
 all other agents, how skeptical should they be, and how much should they
 pay the auctioneer?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
